#summary Full changelog

= Changelog =
 * v2.3.4 (2013/12/24) Backup file selection
  * Android 4.4 support
  * Added backup file selection dialog (4.4+)
 * v2.3.3 (2013/8/12) Force Japanese font
  * Use Japanese font on non-Japanese locales (4.2+)
  * Added action to share Anki deck
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.3.2 (2013/6/25) Widget improvements
  * White text for transparent widget
  * Widget layout adjustments
  * Search UI improvements
 * v2.3.1 (2013/6/10) Anki 2.0 support
  * Support for Anki 2.0 export pacakges (.apkg)
  * Improved landscape support for widget
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.3.0 (2013/5/29) Resizable widget
  * Widget text scaling on resize (4.1+)
  * Added transparent widget option
  * Added 'Create flashcard' menu (requires Anki 2.0+)
  * Support DTalker TTS
  * UI improvements
  * Removed analytics and update check
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.2.5 (2012/11/19) New Japan mirror
  * New Japan mirror support
  * Nexus 7 support
  * Direct search from soft keyboard
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.2.4 (2012/7/25) Jelly Bean support
  * Jelly Bean (4.1) support
  * Toggle keyboard popup on startup
  * Persist search type for each tab
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.2.3 (2012/3/28) Bug fix release
  * Avoid OCR crash on devices without flash
  * Don't clear translation query string for OCR
  * Fixed typos
 * v2.2.2 (2012/3/25) Bug fix release
  * Fixed widget detailed layout bug
 * v2.2.1 (2012/3/24) Bug fix
  * Use larger action bar tab and menu font for Japanese
 * v2.2 (2012/3/24) New UI and dictionaries
  * Improved UI and icons
  * Italian, Wordnet and Combined dictionaries
  * Share action
  * Sequential mode for widget
  * Widget preferences in Settings
  * Performance optimizations
  * Handle WWWJDIC maintenance
 * v2.1.1 (2011/11/7) Bugfix release
  * Fixed Japanese TTS bug
  * Avoid crash when opening Settings in landscape mode
  * Improved error reporting
 * v2.1 (2011/11/6) TTS improvements and ICS support
  * Text-to-speech for example sentences
  * Multiple Japanese TTS engines support (Settings)
  * Android 4.0 (ICS) consistent UI
  * ICS support
  * Bug fixes
 * v2.0 (2011/9/30) Tablet support
  * Tablet support
  * New UI
  * Japanese text-to-speech support (install [https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.kddilabs.n2tts N2 TTS] from Market to enable)
  * Removed Google account permissions and Google Docs export
  * Various improvements and bug fixes
  * Dropped Android 1.6 support. The lowest supported version is now 2.1 (Eclair).
 * v1.8.7 (2011/8/17) New example search
  * Use new example search: automatically matches inflected, differently spelled words
  * Support OCR for gallery images
  * Bug fixes
 * v1.8.6 (2011/7/31) New Sweden mirror
  * Use new Sweden mirror site
  * Updated third-party libraries
 * v1.8.5 (2011/7/22) Performance optimization and bug fixes
  * Fix for empty search results on some mobile networks
  * Performance optimizations
  * Bug fixes
 * v1.8.4 (2011/6/29) New Japan mirror
  * Switched to new Japan mirror
  * Properly display kanji grade in kanji details
  * Bug fixes
 * v1.8.3.2
   * moved JLPT kanji to class file to avoid resource array restriction on pre-Gingerbread devices.
 * v1.8.3.1
  * Temporary disabled JLPT support. Pre-Gingerbread device can't handle resource arrays with more than 512 elements.
 * v1.8.3 (2011/6/6) New JLPT levels support.
  * Kanji of the day can now be limited to specified JLPT level
  * Display new JLPT level in kanji details
  * Search by English meaning now returns all relevant results
  * Bug fixes
 * v1.8.2 (2011/5/22) Support new WWWJDIC dictionary codes. Stability improvements
  * Use new WWWJDIC dictionary codes
  * Save TTS languae in history/favorites
  * OCR error handling improvements
  * Automatically refresh widget after network connectivity is restored
  * Performance improvements
  * Various bug fixes 
 * v1.8.1 (2011/5/15) App maintenance features
  * Added automatic error reporting
  * Added automatic update check
  * Mobile friendly FAQ page
  * Bug fixes
 * v1.8 (2011/5/8) Text to speech 
  * Added text-to-speech for kanji (English) and dictionary entry translations (English/German/French/Spanish)
 * v1.73 (2011/4/30) Bug fixes
  * Tapping kanji widget when in error state will now trigger manual update
  * Added recent search suggestions to search widget
  * Improved camera handling for OCR, now supports Toshiba Regza
  * Imporved OCR error handling
  * History/favorites bug fixes
 * v1.72 (2011/4/9) Various improvements.
  * Link to the Kanji Recognizer app if online recognition is unavailable.
  * Made Japan the default mirror.
  * Improved widget error handling.
  * Bug fixes.
 * v1.71 (2011/3/5) Context menus
  * Added 'lookup kanji' menu to dictionary entries.
  * Added context menus to dictionary/kanji search results. 
  * Display Shift-JIS code.
  * Layout adjustments.
 * v1.7 (2011/2/25) Multi-radical search
  * Added multi-radical kanji search.
  * Added 'Home' menu to detail screens.
  * Bug fixes.
 * v1.63 (2011/2/4) Animated strokes and global search
  * Restored Australia mirror.
  * Animated stroke drawing.
  * You can now search WWWJDIC directly from the Android search widget.
 * v1.62 (2011/2/1) Bug fixes
  * Temporarily replaced Australia mirror(currently offline) with Japan one.
  * Fixed mirror auto select.
  * Various bug fixes.
 * v1.61 (2010/12/22) Widget improvements
  * Added configuration for widget
   * Option to display only frequently used kanji
   * Option to display reading/meaning
   * Configurable update time
  * New widget layout/background.
  * Fast scroll in search results
  * Bug fixes.
 * v1.6 (2010/12/03) Favorites Anki export
  * Favorites Anki export.
  * Cross references in dictionary details.
  * Added multiple meanings separator character setting (for CSV export).
  * History/Favorites performance optimizations.
  * Added link to FAQ in About.
 * v1.55 (2010/11/27)  Kanji compound search
  * Added compound search to kanji details
  * Added update date to widget
  * Better widget update handling
  * Use new EU mirror URL
  * Various bug fixes
 * v1.52 (2010/11/21) 
  * Updated to use new kanji recognizer URL
 * v1.51 (2010/11/18) 
  * Bug fix: automatic encoding recognition with Excel 2007
 * v1.5 (2010/11/17)  Widget and favorites export
  * Kanji of the day widget 
  * Favorites export to local CSV and Google Docs
  * Automatic mirror selection
  * Android 2.2 (Froyo) support
  * Install to SD card support
 * v1.41 (2010/11/03)  UI improvements
  * Added backup URL for kanji recognizer web service.
  * Added context menu (details/copy/append) to recognition candidates.
  * Added usage tips.
  * Changed shortcut name.
 * v1.4 (2010/09/03)  Japanese sentence translation support
  * Short Japanese sentence translation (word breakdown) support.
  * Added default dictionary setting.
  * Display kanji nanori readings.
  * Display kanji radical name readings.
  * Display multiple pinyin/Korean readings properly.
  * New (smaller) icon.
 * v1.31 (2010/08/15)  Bugfixes
  * Kanji Recognizer binding bugfixes
 * v1.3 (2010/08/15)  Kanji Recognizer integration
  * Offline kanji recognition via the Kanji Recognizer app
  * Links to history/favorites in each tab
  * Added 'delete stroke' button to kanji draw view
 * v1.21 (2010/07/29)  Bug fixes
  * fixed crash on CyanogenMod 5 DS (Issue 12)
  * better OCR paremeters (auto instead of line)
  * Replaced about dialog with activity (for better scrolling)
  * set size limits to number input fields
 * v1.2 (2010/07/23)  History import/export, handwritten recognition improvments
  * Direct search option for OCR (Issue 15)
  * History/favorites filtering
  * History/favorites CSV import/export
  * Smoother kanji drawing (Bezier curve based, like stroke order diagrams)
  * OCR-based handwritten kanji recognition (does not depend on stroke order)
  * Fixed OCR crash (Issue 16)
  * Layout adjustments (Issue 14)
  * Collect anonymous usage data using Flurry Analytics
 * v1.1 (2010/07/04)  Japanese localization
  * layout adjustments
  * bugfixes
 * v1.0 (2010/07/02)  Example search
  * new example search tab
   * please use 'exact match' for short English words
  * 'Ex.' button in dictionary detail view to find examples for current word
   * disabled for single-word kanji (WWWJDIC gives spurious results)
  * example sentence breakdown
   * deinflects and breaks down into words
   * word translation
  * long press for context menu in example search results
   * break down
   * look up all kanji
   * copy English/Japanese 
 * v0.91 (2010/06/25)  Better OCR preview size/picture size handling
  * fixes crash on !MyTouch Slide and HTC Legend, (Issue 8)
  * OCR cropping no longer depends on the default Camera app, (Issue 9)
 * v0.9 (2010/06/18)  Stroke order diagrams and search history/favorites
  * Animated stroke order diagrams using [http://kanjivg.tagaini.net KanjiVG] data
   * use 'Stroke order' button in kanji detail view
   * served off Google App Engine, so first access may be a little slow
   * adjust animation delay in settings
  * Search history and favorites (Issue 7)
   * press menu to access
   * use star icon in detail view to add to favorites
  * Dictionary/kanji headword copy
   * long press on headword in detail view to copy
 * v0.81 (2010/05/28)  Bugfix release. Improved handwritten kanji annotation.
  * tested on Froyo
  * fixes (Issue 6)
  * added options to control kanji annotation
  * ensure annotation numbers are inside drawing area
 * v0.8 (2010/05/18)  Hand written kanji recognition.
  * Hand written character recognition using the kanji recognizer at [http://kanji.sljfaq.org/kanji16/draw-canvas.html kanji.sljfaq.org]
   * The kanji recognizer is still experimental and may change/break at any time. (I will likely release an updates version if it does, though).
   * If it gets too much traffic from this app, access may be throttled/blocked without notice. Please be gentle :)
   * The 'look ahead' checkbox enables searching for matching kanji with more strokes than drawn. If you don't get a result for simple kanji (radical level), try disabling it.
  * support flash for OCR
    * Touch the flash icon to enable
    * Works only on Android versions that let you control the flash (Eclair). Disabled for all others.
 * v0.7 (2010/05/10)  Added settings. Bug fixes.
  * Select WWWJDIC mirror. Use the one closest to your location for better response times.
  * Select WeOCR server. Use the backup server only if the main one is offline.
  * Specify HTTP timeout
  * Option to dump cropped image to sdcard
 * v0.6 (2010/05/02)  OCR support using [http://weocr.ocrgrid.org/ WeOCR]. Tested on Nexus One.
  * ~~OCR depends (for now) on the default Camera/Gallery app. If you phone doesn't have it, OCR will not work.~~ : fixed in 0.91
  * Capture tested on HTC Magic and Nexus One. If it doesn't work on your device, report it (include logcat).
  * OCR is backed by [http://code.google.com/p/nhocr/ nhocr], so it's only as good as nhocr is. Check their site for current limitations. The good news is that it will get better as nhocr does :)
  * Try to take a close up (as much as your autofocus allows) for better results.
 * v0.5 (2010/03/29)  Minor update. Display radical in kanji detail. Proper scrolling for entries with many meanings.
 * v0.4 (2010/03/19)  Added radical table and (optional) stroke count to kanji lookup. Select 'Radical number' as search type to enable. The top number is the radical number, the bottom one -- stroke count (see screenshot).
 * v0.3 (2010/03/15)  Support all WWWJDIC languages (French, Russian, Swedish, Hungarian, Spanish, Dutch, Slovenian)
 * v0.2 (2010/03/13)  New icon
 * v0.1 (2010/03/12)  Initial release